Welcome to my Elegant Weapon, Civilized Age project!

I wanted to create a projet that is a reflection of who I am and what makes me tick. The purpose of this project is to create a workstation 
where a user (prospective jedi) can create their own, unique, digital prototype of a lightsaber. The user will have access to a terminal
which gives them information about the three core pieces of their lightsaber. They will be able to choose these pieces, which will automatically be added to their prototype. When they are done, they will be able to click anywhere on the lightsaber to turn it on.

In Elegant Weapon, Civilized Age, a user will be able to:
 Interact with a page which, depending on their choices, will affect the html structure. This will be done through Javascript. For example, they will select a crystal, and the html element associated with that color crystal will be activated and appear withing the empty lightsaber chassis, giving the user the illusion that the crystal was added to the blade. I will also construct the blade itself (the colorful part) using css styling. Based on the crystal chosen, I hope to have different lighting effects and sound effects, etc. 

 By monday morning, I will have all of the pieces of the lightsaber photoshopped and ready to manipulate. I will also have the basic structure of my project set up with all of the messages. I will also have the complete structure built out in my project, ready for me to simply start filling in. Tuesday will be my javascript day to get the user to the lightsaber construction phase. Wednesday will be my styling day to make sure that when the user selects different options, they will appear seemlessly and actually look like a lightsaber. I will also use css to make the blade on Wednesday. Thursday morning will be touchups to make everything look really clean, etc. 